[Applause]
[Music]
imagine t this Tuesday July 7 th
place the burial of father pantaleon
hakizimana and his two twin sons
Frank and flowered hakizimana murdered
July 1st ammut shot there
at
but good
we know
the bull mass that took place in the
total desolation
at the Catholic parish saint joseph
tonga gala an intense sadness to
read on people's faces
come to pay them a last tribute
[Music]
the priest urged the family and the
friends of the deceased not to take revenge in
making evil by evil
after mass people did a
walk demonstration accompanying the
body of the dead for the last time
[Applause]
what the police tried to prevent
after more than one kilometer more
or less disturbed these last
arrested sang the national anthem
before continuing the funeral procession
vehicle to the cemetery of mende at the
dead in the soul
under a blazing sun the family
close in soil is theirs the grave
of the father in the middle of that of his two
son
[Music]
note that in Diman and pantaléon
domoni exchangers and had fifty six
years while his twins was old
23 years
[Music]